I've been using the term mock frequently throughout this course,
and will continue to use it later; however,
it's a bit of a misnomer.
The proper term would be test double,
and there are actually several different types of them.
Learning about the different types of test doubles and when to use each of
them can be helpful in making tests easier to write,
maintain, and provide more useful feedback.
The first and simplest type of test double is a dummy.
The primary purpose of a dummy is simply to fulfill a dependency.
Dummies should be used when a dependency they are doubling
for will not be checked for return value,
perform any behavior,
and you do not need to validate the dependency has been called.
Dummies are the KISS, or keep it simple stupid,
principle, exemplified of the test double's world,
though they are not often used.
The next type of test double is the stub.
Stubs return a value that fulfills a condition of the test case.
Stubs are likely going to make up the bulk of your test double experience.
Typically when a test is written for code that interacts with a dependency,
you want to see how that calling code responds to
various return values from the dependency.
Rather, it's a valid value, a null, or an exception.
A stub will return a value regardless of input.
Next, we have spies.
Spies are used for verifying how a dependency is being interacted with.
A common use case for a spy would be to verify that a dependency
that has a void return type has been called,
such as when writing to the database or another service.
So now we have a true mock.
Mock is a bit more advanced form of a spy.
What separates a mock from a spy is the mock itself is asserting
the behavior of if it's been called or not,
and it might go into more depth into validating values passed into it,
or how many times it has been called.
The final type of test double is a fake.
Fakes actually simulate business behavior.
Whereas a stub would always return the same value when called,
a fake simulates behavior.
For example, only retuning a customer when a specific customer ID is passed in. Like dummies, fakes are not often used.